1- C. The method should declare that it throws an exception and the body of the method actually would throw it. Options E and F are incorrect because both checked and unchecked (runtime) exceptions can be declared in a method signature. Also, option F is incorrect because SQLException is a checked exception. 
2- B, C. Option A is incorrect because it will move the compilation error to the close() method since it does throw an exception that must be handled or declared. Option B is correct because the unhandled exception becomes declared. Option C is correct because the exception becomes handled. Option D is incorrect because the exception remains unhandled. 
3- E. Options B, D, and F are incorrect because only one variable name is allowed in a multi-catch block. Option A is incorrect because FileNotFoundException is a subclass of IOException. A multi-catch statement does not allow redundancy, and just catching IOException would have been equivalent. Option C is incorrect because the IOException that is thrown is not handled. 
4- A, B. A try-with-resources statement does not require a catch or finally block. A traditional try statement requires at least one of the two. 
5- C. After opening both resources in the try-with-resources statement, T is printed. Then the try-with-resource completes and closes the resources in reverse order from which they were opened. After W is printed, an exception is thrown. However, the remaining resource is still closed and D is printed. The exception thrown is then caught and E is printed. Last, the finally block is run, printing F. Therefore the answer is TWDEF. 
6- G. A try-with-resources statement uses parentheses rather than brackets for the try section. This is likely subtler than a question that you’ll get on the exam, but it is still important to be on alert for details. 
7- C. The code compiles fine, so option E is incorrect. The command line has only two arguments, so args.length is 2 and the if statement is true. However, because assertions are not enabled, it does not throw an AssertionError, so option B is incorrect. The println attempts to print args[2], which generates an ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException, so the answer is option C. 
8- B, C. Java uses the flags –ea or –enableassertions to turn on assertions. –da or –disableassertions turns off assertions. The colon indicates for a specific class. Choice B is correct because it turns on assertions for all code. Choice C is correct because it disables assertions but then turns them back on for this class. 
9- A, D. An assertion consists of a boolean expression followed by an optional colon and message. The boolean expression is allowed to be in parenthesis, but this is not required. Therefore A and D are correct. 